abhorrent repulsive
abominable odious
abusive scurrilous
acrid pungent
affable genial
agile nimble
ancestral hereditary
apparent evident
ardent fervent
arduous laborious
astute shrewd
avaricious covetous
avaricious greedy
averse loath
bizarre outlandish
blameless irreproachable
blasphemous sacrilegious
boisterous unruly
bony gaunt
brusque curt
brutal cruel
brutal vicious
bushy shaggy
canny clever
carnal sensual
ceaseless incessant
changeable mutable
cheap inexpensive
cheery sunny
childish infantile
clammy dank
clumsy gawky
clumsy ungainly
clumsy unwieldy
colloquial conversational
colossal prodigious
colossal stupendous
comical laughable
communicable contagious
conceivable imaginable
concurrent simultaneous
congenital innate
conscientious scrupulous
contemptuous disdainful
contemptuous scornful
corpulent obese
countless innumerable
covetous envious
crafty sly
crafty wily
cruel vicious
cryptic mysterious
dangerous unsafe
deceitful fallacious
deceitful fraudulent
defective faulty
dense impenetrable
deplorable lamentable
despicable vile
destitute indigent
detrimental prejudicial
destitute devoid
dingy grimy
disdainful scornful
disgraceful scandalous
disgraceful shameful
dishonest dishonorable
doubtful dubious
downy fluffy
dire dreadful
dreadful terrible
economic economical
ecstatic rapturous
ecstatic rapt
eloquent fluent
endless interminable
enormous tremendous
eternal perpetual
excessive inordinate
excessive unreasonable
exultant jubilant
exultant triumphant
farcical ludicrous
fashionable stylish
feverish hectic
diabolical fiendish
financial fiscal
flabby flaccid
foolhardy reckless
atrocious frightful
frightful horrible
furtive stealthy
garrulous talkative
genetic hereditary
ghastly grisly
ghastly gruesome
grateful thankful
greasy oily
covetous greedy
gummy sticky
hazardous risky
foggy hazy
hazy misty
atrocious horrible
huge immense
huge vast
imaginative inventive
immaculate spotless
immense vast
impassive stolid
impertinent pert
impertinent saucy
impetuous impulsive
impudent insolent
inadequate unequal
incredible unbelievable
indecent unseemly
indescribable unspeakable
indolent slothful
infamous notorious
infertile sterile
decrepit infirm
hurtful injurious
inscrutable mysterious
intolerable unbearable
irritable petulant
jovial merry
jubilant triumphant
laudable praiseworthy
lifelike vivid
luscious voluptuous
maritime nautical
matchless peerless
meddlesome officious
foggy misty
moldy musty
morose sullen
mournful plaintive
mythical mythological
inattentive neglectful
nimble spry
ominous sinister
ostentatious pretentious
paramount predominant
pensive reflective
pert saucy
benevolent philanthropic
piquant spicy
pitiless remorseless
pitiless ruthless
placid tranquil
predominant prevalent
primal primeval
primeval primordial
princely sumptuous
prodigious stupendous
luxuriant profuse
provisional tentative
redundant superfluous
remorseless ruthless
repugnant repulsive
resplendent splendid
rocky stony
diabolical satanic
shadowy shady
silken silky
sleepless watchful
sly wily
sordid squalid
stealthy surreptitious
sticky viscous
dour sullen
tedious tiresome
tedious wearisome
dire terrible
thankless ungrateful
threadbare trite
tiresome wearisome
oppressive tyrannical
uncanny unearthly
uncouth vulgar
unfair unjust
improper unlawful
venomous virulent
slimy vile
whatever whatsoever
capricious whimsical
breezy windy
