abhorrent repulsive
abnormal unnatural
abominable odious
abusive scurrilous
acrid pungent
affable genial
agile nimble
ancestral hereditary
apparent evident
apparent unmistakable
ardent fervent
arduous laborious
artificial unreal
astute shrewd
audacious fearless
authoritative important
avaricious covetous
avaricious greedy
averse loath
bestial brutal
bizarre outlandish
blameless irreproachable
blasphemous sacrilegious
boisterous unruly
bony gaunt
boundless limitless
brawny sinewy
brusque curt
brutal cruel
brutal vicious
brutal brutish
bushy shaggy
candid outspoken
canny clever
carnal sensual
ceaseless incessant
ceaseless perpetual
changeable mutable
cheap inexpensive
cheery sunny
childish infantile
clammy dank
clumsy gawky
clumsy ungainly
clumsy unwieldy
colloquial conversational
colossal prodigious
colossal stupendous
comical laughable
communicable contagious
conceivable imaginable
concurrent simultaneous
congenital innate
conscientious scrupulous
contemptuous disdainful
contemptuous scornful
corpulent obese
countless innumerable
courteous gracious
covetous envious
cowardly fearful
crafty wily
crucial important
cruel vicious
cryptic mysterious
dangerous unsafe
deceitful fallacious
deceitful fraudulent
defective faulty
dense impenetrable
deplorable lamentable
deplorable pitiful
despicable vile
despicable worthless
destitute indigent
detrimental prejudicial
destitute devoid
dingy grimy
disdainful scornful
disgraceful scandalous
disgraceful shameful
dishonest dishonorable
dingy dismal
dismal gloomy
dismal dreary
doleful mournful
doubtful dubious
downy fluffy
dire dreadful
dreadful fearful
dreadful terrible
dense dumb
economic economical
ecstatic rapturous
ecstatic rapt
eloquent fluent
endless eternal
endless interminable
enormous tremendous
eternal perpetual
airy ethereal
evident unmistakable
excellent splendid
excessive inordinate
excessive undue
excessive unreasonable
excessive extravagant
extravagant exuberant
exultant jubilant
exultant triumphant
farcical ludicrous
fashionable stylish
faultless immaculate
festive merry
feverish hectic
diabolical fiendish
filmy transparent
filthy nasty
financial fiscal
fitful spasmodic
flabby flaccid
foolhardy reckless
forcible physical
atrocious frightful
frightful horrible
frightful ugly
frosty wintry
economical frugal
furtive stealthy
cheap garish
garrulous talkative
genetic hereditary
genteel polite
ghastly grisly
ghastly gruesome
globular spherical
grateful thankful
greasy oily
covetous greedy
dangerous grievous
gummy sticky
disdainful haughty
hazardous risky
foggy hazy
hazy misty
headstrong willful
atrocious horrible
horrible ugly
huge immense
huge vast
imaginative inventive
immaculate spotless
immense vast
impassive stolid
impertinent pert
impertinent saucy
impetuous impulsive
impregnable strong
impudent insolent
inadequate unequal
incessant perpetual
incredible unbelievable
indecent unseemly
indefinable indescribable
indescribable unspeakable
indolent lazy
indolent slothful
infamous notorious
infertile sterile
decrepit infirm
feeble infirm
infirm weak
clever ingenious
hurtful injurious
inscrutable mysterious
deficient insufficient
eternal interminable
intolerable unbearable
fearless intrepid
irritable petulant
jovial merry
jubilant triumphant
lamentable pitiful
dreamy languid
lascivious lewd
laudable praiseworthy
laughable ludicrous
lewd obscene
lifelike vivid
luscious voluptuous
luxurious voluptuous
glorious magnificent
magnificent splendid
maritime nautical
massive monumental
matchless peerless
meddlesome officious
meek mild
aware mindful
foggy misty
moldy musty
glum morose
morose sullen
inactive motionless
mournful plaintive
fabulous mythical
mythical mythological
fabulous mythological
nauseous vile
inattentive neglectful
nimble spry
evident observable
baleful ominous
ominous sinister
luxurious opulent
ostentatious pretentious
horrid outrageous
apostolic papal
paramount predominant
loyal patriotic
peaceable peaceful
pensive reflective
perilous precarious
persistent relentless
pert saucy
benevolent philanthropic
piquant spicy
piteous pitiful
pitiless remorseless
pitiless ruthless
placid tranquil
precarious unstable
predominant prevalent
ludicrous preposterous
primal primeval
primeval primordial
luxurious princely
princely sumptuous
prodigious stupendous
exuberant profuse
luxuriant profuse
comfortable prosperous
provisional tentative
lively racy
reddish ruddy
redundant superfluous
remorseless ruthless
repugnant repulsive
respective several
glorious resplendent
resplendent splendid
rocky stony
florid ruddy
healthful sanitary
diabolical satanic
scandalous shameful
serene tranquil
shadowy shady
silken silky
baleful sinister
sleepless watchful
lazy slothful
sordid squalid
dumb speechless
spiteful vindictive
glorious splendid
stealthy surreptitious
sticky viscous
strange unusual
dour sullen
glum sullen
luxurious sumptuous
surly ugly
suspicious wary
cheap tawdry
tedious tiresome
tedious wearisome
stormy tempestuous
dire terrible
fearful terrible
thankless ungrateful
threadbare trite
tiresome wearisome
lucid transparent
treacherous unreliable
riotous tumultuous
oppressive tyrannical
uncanny unearthly
uncouth vulgar
unfair unjust
improper unlawful
dissimilar unlike
different unlike
vehement violent
venomous virulent
ugly vile
slimy vile
vile worthless
practical virtual
optical visual
perverse wayward
whatever whatsoever
capricious whimsical
breezy windy
pensive wistful
tremendous wonderful
windy wordy
